---
weekNumber: 7
year: 2025
---

# 🧠 Week 7, 2025

| [Previous: Week 6, 2025](../2025/2025_Week_06.md) | [Next: Week 8, 2025](../2025/2025_Week_08.md) |
| :---: | :---: |

## Wisdom I Pondered This Week

* “Give, even if you only have a little.” — Buddha
* “Man is so made that when anything fires his soul, impossibilities vanish.” — Jean de La Fontaine
* “The present moment is filled with joy and happiness. If you are attentive, you will see it.” — Thích Nhất Hạnh
* [“Nobody tells this to people who are beginners, I wish someone told me. All of us who do creative work, we get into it because we have good taste. But there is this gap. For the first couple years you make stuff, it’s just not that good. It’s trying to be good, it has potential, but it’s not. But your taste, the thing that got you into the game, is still killer. And your taste is why your work disappoints you. A lot of people never get past this phase, they quit. Most people I know who do interesting, creative work went through years of this. We know our work doesn’t have this special thing that we want it to have. We all go through this. And if you are just starting out or you are still in this phase, you gotta know its normal and the most important thing you can do is do a lot of work. Put yourself on a deadline so that every week you will finish one story. It is only by going through a volume of work that you will close that gap, and your work will be as good as your ambitions. And I took longer to figure out how to do this than anyone I’ve ever met. It’s gonna take awhile. It’s normal to take awhile. You’ve just gotta fight your way through.”
― Ira Glass](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E1oZhEIrer4)
* [Early-Arriver Arbitrage — It’s easy to think you’re already late to an arena even when it’s still so early. A crowd can look big until you see how big it can become; only then do you realize it was actually tiny before. […] If you can, get to the arena before the crowd shows up.](https://www.workingtheorys.com/p/before-the-crowd)

## Things I Learned This Week

* What is stock photography? (↔ individual photography) Stock photos are photographs that are licensed for commercial purposes. Commonly, marketing agencies and people who need a photo for graphic design will use them to add personality and excitement to an image — without having to conduct a photoshoot of their own. They're usually not tied to a specific place or time, for good reason.
* [台灣的國民法官制度於 2021 年實施，2023 年正式上路，旨在讓一群來自各行各業的民眾共同參與刑案之審判，與職業法官一起討論並裁決案件，以增進司法的透明度和公信力，彰顯國民主權理念。國民法官雖然沒有法律背景，但可以把多元的背景、價值觀、生活經驗等帶進法庭。](https://zh.wikipedia.org/zh-hant/%E5%9C%8B%E6%B0%91%E6%B3%95%E5%AE%98%E6%B3%95)
* Pancetta (pronounced pan-CHET-tah) is a salt-cured pork belly (豬五花) meat product in Italy. It can be eaten both uncooked \& cooked, sold both sliced (best for sandwiches) \& cubed (best for cooking), and is often used to add depth to soups \& (carbonara) pastas. Note that Pancetta is smoked, whereas Bacon is unsmoked.
* [美國國會圖書館 The Library of Congress (LOC)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Library_of_Congress), the largest library in the world, is located in Washington, D.C.
* [The EU Artificial Intelligence Act](https://artificialintelligenceact.eu) is the world's first-ever comprehensive legal regulation on AI. The EU AI Act assigns applications of AI to four risk categories.
