# What Prompts Me To Think

- The Business and Life Philosophy of "Marginal Gains" by David Brailsford — a belief that paying attention to every little detail, and then trying to improve it by 1%, will have massive compound benefits when added together.
- When you say 'yes' to others make sure you are not saying 'no' to yourself.
- When nothing is certain, anything is possible.
- Not everything that can be counted counts. Not everything that counts can be counted.
- Hedonic Escalators: Life events or activities that don’t adapt to a stable baseline.
- Being funny is one of the ultimate weapons a person can have in human society. It might even compete with being really good-looking.
- You get one life. One chance. One go. Why not create something wonderful?
- The Laundry Cycle Theory: Think about the areas of your life where you are placing unnecessary pressure on yourself to have everything in a "completed" state, e.g., to-read pile (Read-It-Later -> Never-Read-It). Perhaps that area is better viewed as a RIVER than as a BUCKET — as a cycle, not a fixed state.

# Today I Learned

- Nagel-Group is one of the largest temperature-controlled general cargo transportation & food storage logistics companies in Europe, based in Versmold, Westphalia, Germany
- Menstrual Cup (月經/亮杯)
- 葛如鈞，或人稱「寶博士」，為台灣第一位從 Google 和 NASA 合辦，號稱「全球最聰明大學」奇點大學 (Singularity University) 畢業的畢業生
- Slow Cooker = Rice Cooker = Crock-Pot
- Domino Effect: the cumulative effect produced when one event sets off a series of similar or related events, a form of chain reaction
- Keep It Simple, Stupid (KISS Principle)
- Cash Cow: product or service that generates significant revenue over a long period of time for the company that sells it
- `#` = number sign = hash
- Electronic Dance Music (EDM) &harr; Background Music (BGM)
- 德國國際車展 IAA Mobility (Frankfurt → Munich) & IAA Transportation (Hanover)
- Klingel (德國最大的郵購公司)
- 首次公開募股 IPO = Initial Public Offerings
- 菲律賓宿霧市 (Cebu City)
- Lenovo 聯想 (筆電品牌)
- Big Tech = Tech Giants = FAANG = Facebook + Apple + Amazon + Netflix + Google
