# 🧠 Weekly Mindware Update

> Week 4, 2024

## Wisdom I Pondered This Week

* Tough times never last, but tough people do.
* People will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.
* If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can't hear them anymore.
* You didn't become selfish. You became harder to manipulate. Don't confuse the two.
* Daily dose of _sweat_, _sunlight_ and _silence_ (or _solitude_ or _stillness_) will solve 99% of your (mental) problems.

## Things I Learned This Week

* Schwarzfahren = Fare Evasion = Fare Dodging
* NCSA Mosaic is the first web browser widely available in popularizing the World Wide Web and the general Internet by integrating multimedia such as text and graphics.
* FreeSync is an adaptive synchronization technology for LCD and OLED displays that support a variable refresh rate aimed at avoiding tearing and reducing stuttering caused by misalignment between the screen's refresh rate and the content's frame rate. It was developed by AMD and first announced in 2014 to compete against Nvidia's proprietary G-Sync.
* What is PoP (Probability of Precipitation)? It's the probability of precipitation _averaged over area_. For example, a 50% chance of rain means that there is: (1) 100% chance that 50% of the area gets rain OR (2) 50% chance that 100% of the area gets rain OR (3) any other combination of probability x area that results in the number 50%
* Upcycling, also known as creative reuse, is the process of transforming by-products, waste materials, useless, or unwanted products into new materials or products perceived to be of greater quality, such as artistic value or environmental value.
* 搭訕藝術家 PUA (Pickup Artist)
* 無線藍牙音響的好壞可以用「喇叭 (揚聲器) 單體重量」來區分
* 身心障礙學生「轉銜」輔導
* 眼球/動追蹤儀 (Eye Tracking) & 螢幕報讀軟體 (Screen Reader) for 特殊生
* 魏氏智力測驗 (Wechsler Intelligence Scale)
