# Wisdom I Pondered This Week

* 「以銅為鏡，可以正衣冠；以史為鏡，可以知興替；以人為鏡，可以明得失」— 唐太宗
* Nothing ventured, nothing gained.
* Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life.
* "The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any." — Alice Walker
* "Those who can imagine anything can create the impossible." — Alan Turing
* Peace is not merely a distant goal that we seek, but a means by which we arrive at that goal.
* "Legends aren't defined by their success, they're defined by how they bounce back from their failures." — Chris Bosh
* "I used to think the worst thing in life was to end up all alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel all alone." — Robin Williams
* Some people come into your life as blessings. Other people come into your life as lessons.

# Things I Learned This Week

* 零時政府 (g0v.tw) &rarr;  完全公開透明 (Radical Transparency)
* Cumin (孜然 = 小茴香) is the most commonly used spice in Indian cooking and is known as "Jeer". &harr; 凱莉茴香 (EN: Caraway Seeds; DE: Kümmellaib) = 藏茴香 = 羅馬小茴香 = 葛縷子
* 兩種日式鍋物: (1) 涮涮鍋 (Shabu Shabu) (2) 壽喜燒 (Sukiyaki)
* 膨脹螺絲 = 壁塞 = 壁虎
* "once, twice, thrice"
* "c/o" (not "c.o.") in an address = in care of
* Dawn &rarr; Sunrise &rarr; Sunset &rarr; Dusk (Twilight is the time period between dawn and sunrise, or between sunset and dusk.)
* Christmas Eve (平安夜): 12/24 &harr; New Year's Eve: 12/31
* Coined Phrases, e.g., Doomscrolling, Meat Sweats, etc.
* 自翊 = 自誇 = 自耀
* Wakeboarding (寬板滑水)
* Fashion Tape = 防走光貼
* Menstrual Cup (月經/亮杯)
* Slow Cooker = Rice Cooker = Crock-Pot
* 空中瑜珈 (Aerial Yoga)
* Ice Hockey "Puck" and "Stick"
* BBQ Rotisserie/Roasting Spit Forks
* 英國脫歐 Brexit = Britain + Exit
* 無人搬運車 (Auto Guided Vehicle, AGV)
* Carousel (旋轉木馬) &harr; Rocking Horse (搖搖馬)
* SWOT stands for Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities, and Threats
* 大年初一第一次出門 = 走春
* grand = $1000