# Wisdom I Pondered This Week

* “Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.” &rarr; It’s a short reminder that success can usually be measured by the number of uncomfortable conversations we are willing to have, and by the number of uncomfortable actions we are willing to take.
* If you feel resistance before you begin, it's usually procrastination and you need to get started. If you feel resistance after you begin, it's usually feedback and you need to make adjustments.
* To do lists = Anxiety inducing. Video game levels = Excitement inducing.
* Do not try to be the man your father would want you to be. Be the man you would like your son to be be.
* Be careful how you are talking to yourself because you are listening.
* Most people quit because they look how far they have to go, not how far they have come.
* Today I will do what others won't, so tomorrow I can do what others can't.
* You are always just one good decision away from being in a better place tomorrow—just focus on the next decision.
* When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
* “Obstacle is the way. Ego is the enemy. Stillness is the key.”—Ryan Holiday
* You don’t have to be alone to feel lonely.
* A lion doesn’t concern himself with the opinions of the sheep.
* Conflict delayed is conflict multiplied.

# Things I Learned This Week

* Charcuterie (法文) Board = 熟食冷肉盤
* Fine Print refers to contract terms and conditions, disclosures, or other important information that is not included in the main body of a document but placed in footnotes or a supplemental document.
* Broscience is a term for misinformation circulated among men, usually body-building claims not backed by science.
* 男丁女口
* Intro &harr; Outro
* 鐵火 (指鮪魚的赤身) 卷/丼
* 荷蘭電動腳踏車新創公司 VanMoof: (1)「腳踏車界的特斯拉」(2)「全球最美電動單車」
* 蝴蝶球 = Knuckleball = Knuckler
* Mystery Shopping = 神秘購物
* Curling Iron = 電捲棒
* Paulo Coelho /pau·low·kwayl·yow/: 巴西人/<牧羊少年奇幻之旅>的作者/社群媒體上擁有最多粉絲追蹤關注的作家
