# Wisdom I Pondered This Week

* "I am always doing what I can't do yet in order to learn how to do it." — Vincent Van Gogh
* Everyone wants to save the world, they just disagree on how.
* Focus on game access first, game selection next.
* "Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever." — Napoleon Bonaparte
* "You do a lot of meaningless, purposeless, stupid things. You get obsessed. You spend years focused on it. And literally, no one cares but you. But you persevere anyway and you keep running. Because when you add up all those stupid, meaningless obsessions, what they add up to is your life." — Casey Neistat
* "Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win." — Sun Tzu
* Everything you're doing is meaningless—a few years after you're dead, no one's going to remember you or anything you've done. &harr; Everything you're doing is profoundly meaningful—even the smallest action is drenched with meaning. Remember to get out of your own head and appreciate that.
* There is no such thing as a Magic Certainty Button. Uncertainty equals reality.

# Things I Learned This Week

* Worthy Rivals: (1) Bill Gates vs. Steve Jobs (2) 進藤光 vs. 塔矢亮
* Emoji Combo: (1) 🤜🤛 (2)🫸😮🫷🏼
* About career: 裸辭, 查勤, 安靜離職 (Quiet Quitting), 轉職衝擊 (Shift Shock), PIP (= Performance Improvement Plan), etc.
* Pomato (or Topato) is a grafted plant that is produced by grafting together a tomato plant and a potato plant.
* The abbreviation "cf." is used to refer the reader to other material to make a comparison with the topic being discussed.
* Holding Company (母/控股公司) v.s Operating Company (子/營運公司)
* Scandinavia most commonly refers to Denmark, Norway, and Sweden.
* The Nobel Assembly at the Karolinska Institute (KI) awards the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
* GUI (Graphical User Interface) v.s GDI (Graphics Device Interface)
* Tenured Professor 終身教授