# Wisdom I Pondered This Week

* The great use of life is to spend it for something that outlasts it.
* Our goal is to live so that we can confidently answer, "I didn't miss it. I was there for it, and I invested my time and energy into the relationships that matter." This, to me, is the test of life.
* Some people come into your life as blessings. Other people come into your life as lessons.
* Having things isn't fun. Getting things is fun. &rarr; Becoming famous/wealthy is the most amazing feeling in the world. Being famous/wealthy is a mixed bag. Losing fame/wealth is a pain like you've never felt before.
* Think of your time as a jar. If you don't make space for the big rocks, the little pebbles and tiny sand will fill your whole jar. And you'll wonder why you're not getting anything meaningful done.
* Your job, throughout your entire life, is to disappoint as many people as it takes to avoid disappointing yourself.

# Things I Learned This Week

* Principal/General Contractor &rarr; Subcontractor
* ERG ("Ergometer" 測力儀, 划船機) mode is a setting in training platforms such as Zwift, TrainerRoad and Wahoo SYSTM that fixes your power output by automatically adjusting your resistance to match your cadence.
* Bean-to-bar is a trade model in which a chocolate manufacturer controls the manufacturing of chocolate from the procurement of beans to the creation of the end product of consumer chocolate.
* Salzstangen & Salzbrezeln
* 迴轉壽司 = Conveyor Belt Sushi
* VERSACE 凡賽斯 is an Italian luxury fashion company
* 發達國家 = 已開發國家 = 先進國家
* Damascus Steel: 大馬士革刀最大的特點是刀身佈滿各種花紋，這種花紋是在鑄造的過程中形成的
* 鼻煙 (Snuff, 煙草製品, 把煙草研磨成極細的粉末，以嗅聞的方式吸取尼古丁成分進入鼻腔)
* Pantryküche/Miniküche &harr; Einbauküche (Fitted Kitchen)
