# What Prompts Me To Think

* Failing Forward: It doesn't matter if I don't succeed in something. What matters is if I learn from my mistakes.
* "The dangerous man is the one who has only one idea, because then he’ll fight and die for it. The way real science goes is that you come up with lots of ideas, and most of them will be wrong." — Francis Crick
* Tough times never last, but tough people do.
* "I don’t want to get to the end of my life and find that I just lived the length of it. I want to live the width of it as well." — Diane Ackerman → Remember, it's not about the years in your life—it's about the life in your years.
* Try thinking about your day in terms of *Kairos*, not *Chronos*. Chronos = sequential, quantitative time, Kairos = fluctuating, qualitative time. Kairos refers to the way in which certain moments are more important or influential than others.
* To be upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have.
* Loser's Game (You win by avoiding errors and waiting for your opponent to make errors.) v.s Winner's Game (You win by hitting incredible/elegant shots.)
* If you want a recipe for unhappiness, spend your time accumulating a lot of money and let your health and relationships deteriorate.
* Don't be afraid to ask a question that may sound stupid because 99% of the time everyone else is thinking of the same question and is too embarrassed to ask it.
* When you're told that something is impossible, is that the end of the conversation, or does that start a second dialogue in your mind?

# Today I Learned

* Schwarzfahren = Fare Evasion = Fare Dodging
* NCSA Mosaic is the first web browser widely available in popularizing the World Wide Web and the general Internet by integrating multimedia such as text and graphics.
* FreeSync is an adaptive synchronization technology for LCD and OLED displays that support a variable refresh rate aimed at avoiding tearing and reducing stuttering caused by misalignment between the screen's refresh rate and the content's frame rate. It was developed by AMD and first announced in 2014 to compete against Nvidia's proprietary G-Sync.
* What is *PoP (Probability of Precipitation)*? It's the probability of precipitation averaged over area. For example, a 50% chance of rain means that there is: (1) 100% chance that 50% of the area gets rain OR (2) 50% chance that 100% of the area gets rain OR (3) any other combination of *probability x area* that results in the number 50%
* *Upcycling*, also known as *creative reuse*, is the process of transforming by-products, waste materials, useless, or unwanted products into new materials or products perceived to be of greater quality, such as artistic value or environmental value
* 搭訕藝術家 PUA (Pickup Artist)
* 無線藍牙音響的好壞可以用「喇叭 (揚聲器) 單體重量」來區分
* 身心障礙學生「轉銜」輔導
* 眼球/動追蹤儀 (Eye Tracking) & 螢幕報讀軟體 (Screen Reader) for 特殊生
* 魏氏智力測驗 (Wechsler Intelligence Scale)
* Signal Iduna Park (in Dortmund) is Germany's largest football stadium capacity of 81,360
* Co-working Space: workers for different companies share an office space
