# Wisdom I Pondered This Week

* "You don't try to build a wall. You don't start by saying, I'm going to build the biggest, baddest wall that's ever been built. You say, I'm going to lay this brick as perfectly as a brick can be laid. You do that every single day, and soon you have a wall." — The Bricklayer Mentality by Will Smith
* The secret of happiness: (1) Find something more important than you are, and dedicate your life to it. (2) Not to find the meaning of life, but to use your life to make things that are meaningful.
* It's not what you *look at* that matters. It's what you *see* that matters.
* If the ladder is not leaning against the right wall, every step we take just gets us to the wrong place faster.
* Your life doesn't get better by chance, it gets better by change.
* The decent method you follow is better than the perfect method you quit.
* Never let the tlings you want make you forget the things you have.
* Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
* Soon is not as good as now.
* The only way to find your true capability is to push yourself out of your comfort zone.
* "As you start to walk on the way, the way appears." - Rumi
* Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
* Consistency is about being adaptable. Adaptability is the way of consistency.

# Things I Learned This Week

* Kefir milk is a drink made from the fermented milk from a cow, goat, or sheep, and kefir grains. 
* HVAC (heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) System
* [Einride](https://einride.tech/) is a Swedish transport company based in Stockholm, Sweden, specializing in electric autonomous/self-driving trucks, which are remotely controlled by drivers, and are notable for their lack of a driver's cab.
* Port (港口) v.s Terminal (碼頭)
* Telugu is one of the six languages designated as a classical language by the Government of India, primarily spoken in south-eastern India.
* The Tractor-Trailer Combination (via the [fifth-wheel & kingpin coupling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fifth-wheel_coupling)) = Tractor Unit + Semi-Trailer (半掛式卡車 = 半聯結車)
* Storage Containers (cannot be moved when loaded) [貨櫃] v.s Storage Trailers (can be moved when loaded) [掛接車]
* 前菜 (單數-Antipasto; 複數-Antipasti): 在正規義大利菜中是餐前佐酒小食 (Aperitivo) 與第一道主菜 (Primo) 之間的一道菜色
* PISA (Programme for International Student Assessment) study/scors is a worldwide study intended to evaluate educational systems by measuring 15-year-old school pupils' scholastic performance on mathematics, science, and reading.
* Hindi is the fourth most-spoken first language in the world, after Mandarin, Spanish and English.