# Wisdom I Pondered This Week

- Destiny is not a matter of chance; it is a matter of choice.
- The 1-in-60 Rule: 1 degree error in heading will cause an airplane to miss its target by 1 mile for every 60 miles flown. Tiny deviations from the optimal course are amplified by distance and time. A small miss now creates a very large miss later.
- [3P Energisers for success: Play + Power + People](https://x.com/AliAbdaal/status/1742501012785475608)
- What you pay attention to—expands.
- Life can only be understood backwards, but it must be lived forwards.
- If you accomplish something good with hard work, the labor passes quickly, but the good endures; if you do something shameful in pursuit of pleasure, the pleasure passes quickly, but the shame endures." ― Musonius Rufus
- Think in decades. Act in days.
- You're not focused enough unless you're mourning some of the things you're saying no to.
- Forget about all the reasons why something may not work. You only need to find one good reason why it will.
- Not making progress is still better than moving backwards.

# Things I Learned This Week

- Granola (燕麥脆片) v.s Cereal (早餐穀片) v.s Muesli
- IAP (In-App Purchase)
- Foremarket v.s Aftermarket
- 巴氏量表 (Barthel Scale/Index) 是申請外籍看護時常用的評量表
- PTO (Paid Time Off) Tracking Software: (1) [Timetastic](https://timetastic.co.uk/pricing/) (2) [TimeOff.Management](https://timeoff.management/pricing.html) (3) [Day Off](https://day-off.app/pricing/)
- NEXO 實心胎 (Airless, Flat-Free Tires)
- 美乃滋 = 蛋黃醬 = Mayonnaise &rarr; 日式胡麻醬: 白芝麻 + 醬油 + 香油/麻油 + 美乃滋
- 芥末 (Mustard) v.s 辣根 (EN: Horseradish; DE: Meerrettich) v.s 山葵/哇沙比 (Wasabi)
- 蜂蜜鹽烤堅果 (Honig-Salz-Nüsse)
- 荸 (ㄅㄧˊ) 薺 = 馬蹄 = 地下雪梨，最常加入絞肉、碎肉中做成肉丸子、肉餅、燒賣或餃子等，例如名菜「紅燒獅子頭」