# Wisdom I Pondered This Week

- No problems, no progress.
- Forget Utopia. Ignore Dystopia. Embrace Protopia—a world in which things are a little bit better.
- Balance is not something you find, it's something you create.
- Enjoy yourself, it's later than you think. Enjoy yourself, while you're still in the pink. The years go by, as quickly as a wink.
- Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
- If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can't hear them anymore.
- As you gain fame, as you gain fortune, as you gain position and seniority, people will treat you better. — They will hold doors open for you. They will get you a cup of tea and coffee without you even asking. — None of that stuff is meant for you. That stuff is meant for the position you hold. It is meant to the level you have achieved of leader or success or whatever you want to call it, but remember: you will always deserve a Styrofoam cup.
- You didn't become selfish. You became harder to manipulate. Don't confuse the two.
- Daily dose of _sweat_, _sunlight_ and _silence_ will solve 99% of your problems.
- Beneath anger there's always fear.
- Others treat you the way you treat yourself.
- It's not about managing your emotions; it's about managing your reaction to your emotions.
- If something is wrong, fix it now, but train yourself not to worry. — Worry is wasted. Worry fixes nothing.
- "Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do." — Steve Jobs
- The Illusion of Choice: If you want to be good, you don't really have a lot of choices. It takes what it takes. You have to do what you have to do to be successful.
- The wedding is an event, love is a practice. The graduation is an event, education is a practice. The race is an event, fitness is a practice. The heart, mind, and body are endless pursuits.

# Things I Learned This Week

- _Visual Programming_ is an intuitive way of creating software applications without writing code. It's a graphical representation of how different components interact, allowing developers to create complex programs quickly and easily. (&harr; _Spatial Computing_)
- The Apple Vision Pro headset is incorporated with its newly-developed visionOS software, which lets you operate the gadget using just your eyes, hand gestures and voice command. This headset uses spatial computing to incorporate virtual reality in your real surroundings.
- A _geofence_ is a virtual perimeter for a real-world geographic area.
- Wordle is a web-based word game - players have six attempts to guess a five-letter word, with feedback given for each guess in the form of colored tiles indicating when letters match or occupy the correct position.
- [HRworks](https://www.hrworks.de/) is a cloud-based human resource management software (HRMS) designed to streamline and automate various HR processes.
- 恐龍蛋 = 杏李 (Pluot)
- 阿拉斯加: (1) 補蟹船 (2) 帝王蟹 (Alaskan King Crab) = 鱈場蟹，在日本被稱為「蟹中之王」
- Handwaschmittel in der Tube für die Reise & daheim (Rei)
- 歐洲 eSIM 卡
- 日文髒話:「糞 (KUSO)」
- 束線帶 (Cable/Zip Tie)
- Passover (逾越節) is a Jewish holiday, whereas Easter (復活節) is a Christian holiday.
- 操作槍/模擬槍
- 膛線/來福線 (Rifling)
- The _profit and loss (P&L)_ statement is a financial statement that summarizes the revenues, costs, and expenses incurred over a specified period.