# Wisdom I Pondered This Week

* "I am always doing what I can't do yet in order to learn how to do it." — Vincent Van Gogh
* There are two types of people: (1) Those who want to know more (2) Those who want to defend what they already know
* Everyone wants to save the world, they just disagree on how.
* "Simple can be harder than complex. You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it’s worth it in the end, because once you get there you can move mountains." — Steve Jobs
* Focus on game access first, game selection next.
* "Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever" — Napoleon Bonaparte
* "You do a lot of meaningless, purposeless, stupid things. You get obsessed. You spend years focused on it. And literally, no one cares but you. But you persevere anyway and you keep running. Because when you add up all those stupid, meaningless obsessions, what they add up to is your life." — Casey Neistat
* "Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win." — Sun Tzu
* Everything you’re doing is meaningless—a few years after you’re dead, no one’s going to remember you or anything you’ve done. &harr; Everything you’re doing is profoundly meaningful—even the smallest action is drenched with meaning. Remember to get out of your own head and appreciate that.
* There is no such thing as a Magic Certainty Button. Uncertainty equals reality.
* "God, grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change, the courage to change the things I can, and the wisdom to know the difference." — The Serenity Prayer
* The Small-World Phenomenon indicates that an individual can be connected with any other in the world through a limited number of personal acquaintances.
* Never say never because limits, like fears, are often just an illusion.
* Cultivate a reputation for being dependable. Good reputations are valuable because they’re rare (easily destroyed and hard to rebuild). You don’t have to brew the most amazing coffee if your customers know the coffee will always be hot.
* Bored people are boring.
* Curiosity = What The F*ck Is That?

# Things I Learned This Week

* Worthy Rivals: (1) Bill Gates vs. Steve Jobs (2) 進藤光 vs. 塔矢亮
* Emoji Combo: (1) 🤜🤛 (2)🫸😮🫷🏼
* About career: 裸辭, 查勤, 安靜離職 (Quiet Quitting), 轉職衝擊 (Shift Shock), PIP (= Performance Improvement Plan), etc.
* Pomato (or Topato) is a grafted plant that is produced by grafting together a tomato plant and a potato plant.
* The abbreviation "cf." is used to refer the reader to other material to make a comparison with the topic being discussed.
* The Eureka Effect (aka The Aha! Moment) refers to the common human experience of suddenly understanding a previously incomprehensible problem or concept.
* Sturgeon's Law: 90% of anything is crap/really bad.
* Holding Company (母/控股公司) v.s Operating Company (子/營運公司)