---
year: 2024
weekNumber: 5
---

# 🧠 Weekly Mindware Update

| [Previous: Week 4, 2024](2024_Week_04.md) | [Next: Week 6, 2024](2024_Week_06.md) |
| :---: | :---: |

## Wisdom I Pondered This Week

* Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
* Think Win-Win: Seek mutual benefit in all interactions and relationships, and look for solutions that benefit all parties involved. &rarr; "If both people aren't winning, both are losing."
* Be Proactive: Knowledge is useless until you act on it. It's not enough to know something. You have to turn that knowledge into action.
* Put the overthinking to bed. With an average of 60,000-80,000 daily thoughts, remember you don't need to engage with every single one. Breathe, relax, let it pass.
* A rich life is somebody who wakes up and says 'I get to do this', whereas a poor life is somebody who wakes up and says, 'I have to do this'.

## Things I Learned This Week

* Football Hooliganism, also known as *Soccer Hooliganism*, constitutes violence and other destructive behaviors perpetrated by spectators at association football events.
* [Syncthing](https://github.com/syncthing/syncthing) is a free, open-source file synchronization application written in Go. It uses a peer-to-peer (P2P) protocol, which means that devices connect directly to each other to transfer/exchange files, without the need for a central server as in traditional cloud-based synchronization services (e.g., Google Drive, OneDrive, Dropbox, etc.). &rarr; *Storj* and *Syncthing* are both decentralized storage solutions: *Storj* is more secure and private, while *Syncthing* is faster and more efficient.
* Salt/Pepper Grinder
* Roll-up Banner (易拉架)
* 來自德國的 Rosenthal 是世界五大名瓷之一
