# Wisdom I Pondered This Week

- Every single thing you do today is something that your 90-year-old self would wish they could go back and do. The good old days are happening right now.
- Wanna go fast? Go slow. Rushing causes errors. Errors cause setbacks. Setbacks cause delays. — Slow is smooth. Smooth is fast.
- Think in decades. Act in days.
- Embracing slow is the ultimate arbitrage, the ultimate edge. It allows you to think in decades while the world thinks in days and weeks.
- When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.

# Things I Learned This Week

- Wireshark is the world's most popular packet sniffer / network protocol analyzer that captures packets from a network connection.
- Filmora is a versatile video editing tool that is widely used by professionals and novices. Users have found Filmora to be easy-to-use, with a shorter learning curve compared to other advanced video editing software options.
- *Gemini* (previously known as *Bard*) is Google's most capable AI model (LLM) yet, positioned as a competitor to OpenAI's *GPT* and Meta's *LLaMa*.
- 蔬果汁排毒輕斷食法 (Juice Cleansing/Fasting)
- TheRelaxingEnd is a Finnish YouTuber, commenter, and reviewer who best known for person with gloves. He would also occasionally post unboxings and vlogs, earning him more than 596 million total video views.
- IO HAWK (eScooter & Hoverboard)
- TALARIA & SUR-RON (eMotor Brands)
- Finger Tapping (on Guitar)
- 喪偶 - 鰥夫寡婦
- Bean Bags are a type of furniture that is filled with small, bean-shaped pieces of foam or other materials, typically used for seating, lounging or sleeping.