# Wisdom I Pondered This Week

- Your life doesn't get better by chance, it gets better by change.
- The decent method you follow is better than the perfect method you quit.
- Being upset over what you don't have is to waste what you do have. Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have.
- The only way to find your true capability is to push yourself out of your comfort zone.
- Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.

# Things I Learned This Week

- Kefir milk is a drink made from the fermented milk from a cow, goat, or sheep, and kefir grains. 
- HVAC (heating, ventilation, and air conditioning) System
- [Einride](https://einride.tech/) is a Swedish transport company based in Stockholm, Sweden, specializing in electric autonomous/self-driving trucks, which are remotely controlled by drivers, and are notable for their lack of a driver's cab.
- Port (港口) v.s Terminal (碼頭)
- The Tractor-Trailer Combination (via the [fifth-wheel & kingpin coupling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fifth-wheel_coupling)) = Tractor Unit + Semi-Trailer (半掛式卡車 = 半聯結車)
- Storage Containers (cannot be moved when loaded) [貨櫃] v.s Storage Trailers (can be moved when loaded) [掛接車]
- 前菜 (單數-Antipasto; 複數-Antipasti): 在正規義大利菜中是餐前佐酒小食 (Aperitivo) 與第一道主菜 (Primo) 之間的一道菜色
- PISA (Programme for International Student Assessment) study/scors is a worldwide study intended to evaluate educational systems by measuring 15-year-old school pupils' scholastic performance on mathematics, science, and reading.
- Hindi is the fourth most-spoken first language in the world, after Mandarin, Spanish and English.
- Telugu is one of the six languages designated as a classical language by the Government of India, primarily spoken in south-eastern India.