# Wisdom I Pondered This Week

* Humanize the people around you. Do not put them on pedestals. The adults do not exist. There's just giant children figuring things out.
* You can get EVERYTHING you want, but not EVERTHING you want.
* All greatness comes from suffering.
* Inspiration is merely the reward for working every day.
* Desire is a contract to be unhappy.
* Successful people do consistently what normal people do occasionally.
* "You've gotta love the dirt."—The dirt is where you start. It's where you're built. It's where you find your initial success. It's the things that don't scale. It's where you find the early gold.
* A rich life is somebody who wakes up and says 'I get to do this', whereas a poor life is somebody who wakes up and says, 'I have to do this'.
* If envy makes you improve yourself and not resent the other person -- it's not envy, it's inspiration. Do not confuse the two.
* A rich man is anyone who earns more than his wife's sister's husband.
* The Day You Decide to Take The Leap: "While you can easily predict the concerns of making any leap, there is no way to predict the numerous rewards/benefits that await you on the other side." &rarr; Asymmetric (Non-linear) Return v.s Linear Return

# Things I Learned This Week

* Yousign is the easy-to-use, legally binding contract automation and eSignature solution.
* On iOS-based operating systems, *jailbreaking* is the use of a privilege escalation exploit to remove software restrictions imposed by the manufacturer.