# What Prompts Me To Think

* Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
* You don't know a person until: (1) You travel with them. (2) Money is involved. (3) You deal with them when they're angry. (4) You live with them.
* Think Win-Win: Seek mutual benefit in all interactions and relationships, and look for solutions that benefit all parties involved. &rarr; "If both people aren't winning, both are losing."
* Be Proactive: Knowledge is useless until you act on it. It's not enough to know something. You have to turn that knowledge into action.
* The Wheel of Time/History = The Cyclicality of Life = "Kalachakra": Time goes through a natural three-part cycle: (1) Creation (growth) (2) Destruction (struggle) (3) Rebirth (new beginnings)
* Dispel the Narratives: The wisest among us allow events to exist without applying a narrative layer. They let the space for the events to just exist, to be neither good nor bad—to just be, rather than place judgment on each reality—whether something is "good" or "bad".
* Put the overthinking to bed. With an average of 60,000-80,000 daily thoughts, remember you don't need to engage with every single one. Breathe, relax, let it pass.
* Normal behavior is forgotten. Only weird behavior survives. — Nobody tells stories of when you did the expected — they only tell stories when you did the unexpected.
* Embracing slow is the ultimate arbitrage, the ultimate edge. It allows you to think in decades while the world thinks in days and weeks.
* Treat time as your ultimate currency—it's all you have and you can never get it back. Spend it wisely, with those you love, in ways you'll never regret.
* Don't confuse DISAGREEMENT with DISRESPECT. Feedback can skyrocket your growth if you don't take it personally.

# Today I Learned

* *Football Hooliganism*, also known as *Soccer Hooliganism*, constitutes violence and other destructive behaviors perpetrated by spectators at association football events.
* *Syncthing* is a free, open-source file synchronization application written in Go. It uses a peer-to-peer (P2P) protocol, which means that devices connect directly to each other to transfer/exchange files, without the need for a central server as in traditional cloud-based synchronization services (e.g., Google Drive, OneDrive, Dropbox, etc.). &rarr; *Storj* and *Syncthing* are both decentralized storage solutions: *Storj* is more secure and private, while *Syncthing* is faster and more efficient. 
* Salt/Pepper Grinder
* Roll-up Banner (易拉架)
* 來自德國的 Rosenthal 是世界五大名瓷之一
* UPS (Uninterruptible Power Supply/Source) &harr; USP (Unique Selling Proposition/Point)
* VibroGym &rarr; whole-body vibration
